---
title: Help
navigation: true
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Dive into Guides
  - /guides/introduction-to-adroit
secondary:
  - Contact Support →
  - /support/contact
---

#title
Welcome to Adroit Help Center.

#description
Whether you're just getting started or looking to dive deeper, find everything you need to make the most out of Adroit LMS.

#extra
  ::list
  - **Courses & Modules** Easily set up your courses and manage modules.
  - **Interactive Quizzes** Engage students with quizzes and assignments.
  - **User Management** Keep track of your students and their progress.
  - **Notifications & Reminders** Automated reminders to keep students on track.
  - **Integration & APIs** Connect Adroit with other platforms.
  - Comprehensive **Reports & Analytics** to monitor performance.
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
Features at a Glance

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card
  #title
  Comprehensive Course Management
  #description
  Create, organize, and deliver courses with ease using Adroit's powerful course management system.
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Interactive Quizzes
  #description
  Create engaging quizzes to test your students and provide immediate feedback.
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  User Management
  #description
  Manage students, instructors, and their roles with a few clicks.
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Advanced Analytics
  #description
  Get insights into user behavior, course performance, and more with Adroit's built-in analytics.
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Integration & APIs
  #description
  Connect Adroit with other tools, platforms, or systems with our robust API.
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Dedicated Support
  #description
  We're here to help! Get assistance anytime with our dedicated support team.
  ::
::

